docs(table): add zebra stripped demo (#167)
DouyinFE/semi-design: content/show/table/index-en-US.md

render(EventTable);
```

### Zebra Pattern Table

> Use `OnRow` to set a background color for each row to achieve a table with zebra pattern effect.

Reviewer: 查了下斑马样式表格大多数写成 `zebra stripped table`
```suggestion
Use `OnRow` to set a background color for each row to create a zebra stripped table.
```

Author: 好的，我改下
